To the Board of Directors at OpenAI,OpenAl is the world's leading Al company . We , the employees of OpenAI, have developed the best models and pushed the field to new frontiers . Our work on Al safety and governance shapes global norms . The products we built are used by millions of people around the world . Until now, the company we work for and cherish has never been in astronger position.
The process through which you terminated Sam Altman and removed Greg Brockman from the board has jeopardizedall ofthis work and underminedour missionand company. Yourconducthas made it clearyou did not havethe competenceto overseeOpenAl.
When we all unexpectedly learned ofyour decision, the leadership team of OpenAl acted swiftly to stabilize the company. They carefully listened to your concerns and tried to cooperate with you on all grounds . Despite many requests for specific facts for your allegations , you have never provided any written evidence. They also increasingly realized you were not capable of carrying out your duties, and were negotiating in bad faith.
The leadership team suggested that the most stabilizing pathforward the one that would best serve our mission, company, stakeholders, employees and the public would befor you to resign and put in place a qualified boardthat could lead the company forward in stability. Leadership worked with you around the clock to find a mutually agreeable outcome.
Yet within two days ofyour initial decision, you again replaced interim CEO Mira Murati against the best interests of the company. You also informed the leadershipteam that allowing the company to bedestroyed would be consistentwith the mission.
Your actions have made it obvious that you are incapable of overseeing OpenAl. We are unable to work for or with people that lack competence, judgement and care for our mission and employees. We, the undersigned, may choose to resign from OpenAI and join the newly announced Microsoft subsidiary run by Sam Altman and Greg Brockman Microsofthas assured us that there are positionsfor all OpenAl employeesat this new subsidiary should we chooseto join. We will take this step imminently, unless all current board members resign, and the board appoints two new lead independent directors, such as BretTaylor and Will Hurd, and reinstates Sam Altman and Greg Brockman.
